Hi, Lingling.
Shh!
I'm reading.
Sorry. What's the book about?
It's about a girl called Alice.
One day Alice was sitting with her sister by the river
and she saw a white rabbit with a watch.
It ran past.
Why was it running?
Because it was late.
And where was it going?
To see the Queen of Hearts.
Alice followed it and fell down a hole in the ground.
Yes.
Then she saw the Cheshire cat.
It was sitting in a tree and smiling at everyone.
Then Alice arrived at the March hares house.
He was sitting with the mad hatter and a mouse.
They were having a tea party in the garden.
And then Alice met the Queen of Hearts.
She was playing a strange game.
Do you already know the book?
Yes.
It's Alice's adventures in Wonderland.
Everyone in Britain knows the story.
Then why did you ask me all those questions?
To see if you remember the story.